website/docs: 2024.6 release notes: add note about group names (#10170)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/releases/2024/v2024.6.md

The provided Compose file was updated with PostgreSQL 16. You can follow the procedure [here](../../troubleshooting/postgres/upgrade_docker.md) to upgrade.

### Group names unicity

> With this release, authentik now enforces unique group names. Existing groups with name collisions can still exists, but new groups will need a unique name. If changing an existing group with a name collision, that group will also need to have its name changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, authentik now enforces unique group names. Existing groups with name collisions that were created in earlier versions can still exist, but any new groups you create will need a unique name. If changing attributes, permission-level, or parent on an existing group with a name collision, you need to also change its name to be unique. Note that changing members or roles associated with the group does not require a rename.
```
